All right guys so in this video I want to take a look at nesting.
So we actually need some markup to work with.
So this each one here I'm actually going to put in a header tag.
So say header and we'll go ahead and move this up into the header and then under the header I'm going
to put a section and I'm going to give this this section a class of section and also a class of Section
dash a.
And let's put an H three in here we'll just say section A and then let's put a paragraph and I'll do
like Lord 30 and I want to also have a just a link or read more link that we're going to style as a
button.
So let's put an A tag with the class of now I'm just gonna do Beaty and dash light.
I'm going to do B10 and Beatty and light like I would before with CSX and then in here let's just say
read more.
OK.
And then I'm just going to copy this whole section and we'll bring it down and we'll call this section
B so we'll change that class and change that to B and let's change this button class to button dark.
All right.
So if we save that it should look like this.
So we're gonna head back in to Maine dot SPSS and let's just look at some some basic nesting.
So I'm going to put it in my head or here.
Now for the header itself I'm going to set a background of the dark color and color of the light color.
OK.
And then let's just add a little bit of padding so we'll do one REM.
OK so save that.
Now I want to align the H one to the center.
Now normally what we would do is we would take a header and we would take each one and create our style.
However with SAS we can go right in the header and we can do H1 and we can set it set text align to
the center.
And if I save that it works.
Now this tech center is only going to applied to the H1 that's within the header.
If we if we put another H1 This is not going to apply to it because it's nested within the header.
OK.
And what is what's really nice about this.
I mean just having this you might not see a huge advantage but when you start to nest a lot of stuff
together you can really see the benefit of it but you can structure it like your age team Al if we look
at our e-mail we have a header and we have an H1 nested inside we look at our SAS we have a header we
have an H1 nested inside so we can structure it very similar to the HD PML case so that's basic nesting.
Now I'm gonna.
Let's see.
Let's go to our section now have a class of section and I'm just going to add a padding here of 2 3
room.
OK.
Spread it out a little bit.
Now for the H three I want to say in all my section age threes let's go I'd nest that let's set the
font size to 2 REM.
OK.
Now we can get creative here since we have some classes we have section dash a and section dash B we
can use an in Ampersand as basically like kind of like a like a wild card or like a place holder I guess
since we have session dash what I'm gonna to ask I'm sorry section dash I'm going to go within my section
class here and I'm going to do Amber Samp dash a.
OK.
So what this Ampersand represents is whatever its parent selector.
So in this case dot s..
Now I want to style dot section a which is this right here.
Right.
So this is actually going to take this section put it in this Ampersand and then just add dash to it.
So let's say we want a background and this kind of stuff.
I mean you don't have to do I like it.
I think it's it's organized you have everything in one place related to a section so it's two primary
color for the background and color.
I'm just going to say white.
I'm going to show you something cool later on when it comes to text color.
Now if I save this you'll see that section A.
Now has this styling.
OK.
So this ampersand is just replaced with this.
And at the same time if I want to do Section B I'll go ahead and paste that in and we'll just change
that to a B.
Let's change this to secondary color and save.
And now Section B has that secondary color.
All right.
So I think it's just organize to have everything.
You know we wanted to we're dealing with sections have it all in here rather than doing you know section
section H three section a section b it's just all in here nice and encapsulated so I think it's it's
an advantage and I like to do things this way.
All right.
So that's basic nesting now.
We can also do like pseudo classes so for instance let's say I'm going to change this later but let's
say our a tag let's say we wanted to do some styling here like color 333 so I save that.
See now the links are dark.
Now to add a hover I could simply do Ampersand colon hover whether it's hover before after any pseudo
class I want to use first child last child anything like that and I'll set the color too I don't know
just say coral.
OK so I save that.
And now when I hover over it you'll see that it's coral.
Now in the next video I want to do a little more with nesting with the buttons but I also want to show
you how we can use inheritance.
We can actually extend other selectors or other styles.
All right so we'll get to that next.